Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment. 

What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

Overall, this assignment was fun but challenging for me. When I started the assignment, I quickly realized I had some knowledge gaps. Although I understood the material that we went over in class, it went super quick and when it came to implementing the concepts myself I realized I needed to understand them much deeper. 
I started by copying the OneCard code and applying it to the resale shop assignment to see if I could learn the concepts better by just coding. But eventually I realized that it just wasn't working and watched a youtube video on OOP in Python, which helped a lot. I also attended office hours to clarify a few questions I had that were keeping my code from working, and that really worked for me. The combination of learning the concepts better and asking questions was what made this work for me. Another thing that worked for me was creating "test documents" where I could test a specific function isolated from the rest of the code. This kept me from getting overwhelmed by the code and helped me locate where specific problems were without commenting out the majority of my code.
The assignment ended up taking a lot longer than the "suggested time" (it took me around 16 hours total) and this kind of discouraged me. I felt like it should have taken me much less time. However, the fact that I was able to figure it out eventually made me feel a lot better because it means I understand the concepts now.
For someone taking this course in the future, I would recommend making sure you really understand key concepts before getting into this assignment, and going to office hours with any questions that you have. Part of the reason why I think it took me so long was because I was still struggling with the root of the concepts you need to understand in order to do this assignment. 
